Professional Experience

Profile:
Joshua Mason is a Technical Consultant for IBM's Client Innovation Center. Most of Josh's
background in computer science has been self-motivated by his compassion for programming. He has
worked mostly on game development for a few years while attending college. Josh is a graduate of
Frostburg State University with a Bachelor's in Mathematics. 

Career History:
7/2018 - CURRENT

IBM Global Business Services, US
Technical Consultant, Recently hired for IBM's Client Innovation Center. 
Completed Global Blue Consulting and DevOps training.
Currently working on Innovation Garage project.

8/2017 - 5/2018

Allegany College of Maryland, US
Learning Specialist, Tutoring: Offered walk-in tutoring for both math and computer science courses.
System Management: Controlled the tutoring management system for logging sessions between tutors
and students.
Teamwork: Collaborated with other tutors to enhance the learning expience of the students.


IBM Assignment History:
7/2018 - CURRENT

IBM Global Business Services, US
Innovation Garage
Project Description: Working in an Agile team to learn about DevOps and Automation Testing.
Contribution: 

Key Skills:
Languages - 
    Proficient Knowledge: Java and Mathematica.
    Basic Knowledge: Lua, JavaScript, HTML, and MATLAB.
Familiar with - NetBeans and Eclipse


Key Courses and Training:
Computer Science: Advanced Object Oriented Programming and Data Structures (Java), Intro to
Computer Science I and II (Java). 

Mathematics: Number Theory, Geometry, Calculus, Set Theory, Differential Equations, Mathematical
Models and Applications, and Linear Algebra. 

IBM Training: Agile, DevOps, Automation Testing.


Education

Qualifications:
Bachelor's, Mathematics
Frostburg State University, US, 2018

Associate's, Mathematics
Allegany College of Maryland, US, 2016

Prior Experience:
Other Information - Publication:
Other Information - Membership in Professional Organization:

Other Information - Other Job-related Activities: